Overview
This project automates the creation of Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) using Langchain and OpenAI. 
It provides an easy-to-use interface deployed via Streamlit, enabling users to input custom text and generate high-quality MCQs. 
This README outlines the steps to deploy the project on an AWS EC2 Ubuntu Machine.

Prerequisites
Before starting, make sure you have:
An AWS account with access to the EC2 console.
OpenAI API key with sufficient credits.
GitHub repository containing your project code.

Deployment on AWS EC2

Step 1: Launch an EC2 Ubuntu Instance
Log in to AWS Console.
Navigate to EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud) and click Launch Instance.
Select Ubuntu Server 22.04 LTS as the machine image.
Choose an appropriate instance type (e.g., t2.micro for testing purposes).
Configure security groups to allow SSH and HTTP/HTTPS access.
Click Launch and connect to the instance using SSH.

Step 2: Connect to the EC2 Instance
Connect to the instance from your local machine using SSH:
  ssh -i your-key.pem ubuntu@your-ec2-public-ip

Step 3: Update the Ubuntu Machine
Once connected, update the packages on the machine:
  sudo apt update
  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt upgrade -y

Step 4: Install Required Packages
Install necessary packages for running the application:
  sudo apt install git curl unzip tar make sudo vim wget -y

Step 5: Clone the GitHub Repository
Clone your project repository into the EC2 instance:
  git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
  cd your-repository

Step 6: Install Python and Required Libraries
Install Python3-pip and project dependencies:
  sudo apt install python3-pip -y
  pip3 install -r requirements.txt

Step 7: Run the Streamlit App
Start the Streamlit application:
  python3 -m streamlit run StreamlitAPP.py



Your app will now be running and accessible at http://your-ec2-public-ip:8501.


Final Deployment Notes
Ensure your security groups allow inbound traffic on port 8501 for the Streamlit app.
Use nohup or screen if you want the app to continue running after closing the SSH session:
  nohup python3 -m streamlit run StreamlitAPP.py &


Conclusion
By following these steps, you can successfully deploy the MCQ Generation project on an AWS EC2 Ubuntu instance. 
This guide outlines everything from instance configuration to running the application.
